Add vcd_nsxt_ip_set support (#668)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/d/nsxt_ip_set.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director: vcd_nsxt_ip_set"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-datasource-nsxt-ip-set"
description: |-
  Provides a datasource to read NSX-T IP Set. IP sets are groups of objects to which the firewall rules apply. 
  Combining multiple objects into IP sets helps reduce the total number of firewall rules to be created.
---

# vcd\_nsxt\_ip\_set

Supported in provider *v3.3+* and VCD 10.1+ with NSX-T backed VDCs.

> Provides a datasource to read NSX-T IP Set. IP sets are groups of objects to which the firewall rules apply. Combining

Reviewer: I believe we have been using "data source" (two words) before?

```suggestion
Provides a data source to read NSX-T IP Set. IP sets are groups of objects to which the firewall rules apply. Combining
```

Author: True. I slipped here. Now I have changed here and in other places I could grep for docs.
